+++
date = "2016-03-18T12:00:00-04:00"
draft = false
title = "On roadmaps for sitemaps"
aliases = [ "/blog/2016/3/18/on-sitemaps-for-roadp" ]

+++

As I've [mentioned before](/blog/2016/1/21/on-moving-preparations), I'm looking into re-working things a little bit for some of my "online presence".

Right now my personal site is just a static landing page. It's generated by [Hugo](http://gohugo.io) and links to other things (this blog, my Tumblr, GitLab/GitHub, Twitter, &cet.)—and I think it's time to start consolidating some of that.

This blog will be moving to a static-site generator soon, too (again, Hugo). The domain and all links will remain active, but I'd like it to also live under a `/blog` directory on my personal site. I'll continue to write longer-form posts here.

My Tumblr, [Break Before Make](http://breakbeforemake), will shift roles to becoming more of a linkblog—I have a huge backlog of stuff in Instapaper that I want to start sharing, and I think this is probably a better option than [starting a newsletter](/blog/2016/2/5/on-reading-lists). I'd also like to pull those posts into the `/blog` directory, between the MBB posts. It'll stay on Tumblr because I like its sharing capabilities via its iOS app.

I'm also think of adding [`/now`](http://nownownow.com/about) and `/using` pages to my personal site, to discuss my projects and my tools, respectively. The former is *supposed* to keep you focussed on *what you're doing*, which [I often need help with](/blog/2016/1/24/on-focus); the latter I'm not sure about, because really, I'm more interested in results than I am in tools—but maybe workflows will be of interest to some.

So that's the plan. Initially I'd hoped to have completed at least moving this site to a static generator by the end of February, but, well… time makes fools of us all.

More tk…
